=pod

=head1 NAME

Meqaris - Meeting Equipment and Room Invitation System

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<meqaris> [options]

some-kind-of-mail-input | B<meqaris> [--conf I<file>]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Meqaris is a system that
allows booking meeting rooms and other resources (like mobile whiteboards,
projectors or conference sets) using the same e-mail invitations that
are used to invite participants to meetings.

=head1 OPTIONS

Meqaris supports the following command-line options:

=head2 General options

=over 4

=item B<-h|--help|-?>

Shows the help message.

=item B<--license|--licence>

Shows the license information.

=item B<--status>

Shows the operability status of Meqaris.

=item B<--version>

Display Meqaris version information.

=back

=head2 Configuration

=over 4

=item B<--conf> I<file>

Use the given configuration file.

=item B<--destroy-db>

Destroys the Meqaris schema on the database.

=item B<--set> I<name> [B<--value> I<value>]

Specifies the name of the configuration setting to modify.

=item B<--upgrade-db>

Run the necessary Meqaris database structure upgrade scripts.

=item B<--value> I<value>

Specifies the new value of the configuration setting to modify using I<--set>.
If not provided, the setting is set to I<NULL>.

=back

=head2 Resource management

=over 4

=item B<--create> I<name> B<--email> I<e-mail_address> [B<--description> I<desc>]

Create a new meeting resource.

=item B<--delete> I<name>

Delete a meeting resource with the given name.

=item B<--description> I<desc>

Specifies a description for a meeting resource when creating or updating.

=item B<--disable> I<name>

Disables the meeting resource with the given name.

=item B<--email> I<e-mail_address>

Specifies an e-mail address for the meeting resource when creating or updating.

=item B<--enable> I<name>

Enables the meeting resource with the given name.

=item B<--name> I<name>

Specifies a new name for the meeting resource.

=item B<--update> I<name> [B<--name> I<new_resource_name>] [B<--email> I<new_e-mail_address>] [B<--description> I<new_description>]

Update a meeting resource with the given name.

=back

=head2 CalDAV management

=over 4

=item B<--add-caldav-resource> I<caldav_server_name> B<--name> I<resource_name>

Assign the CalDAV server with the given name to the meeting resource given in I<--name>.

=item B<--add-caldav-server> I<URL> B<--name> I<caldav_server_name> [B<--user> I<username> B<--password> I<password>] [B<--realm> I<realm_name>]

Add a CalDAV server with the given URL, setting I<--name> and optional I<--user>, I<--password> and I<--realm>.

=item B<--delete-caldav-resource> I<caldav_server_name> B<--name> I<resource_name>

Un-assign the CalDAV server with the given name from the resource given in I<--name>.

=item B<--delete-caldav-server> I<caldav_server_name>

Delete the CalDAV server with the given name.

=item B<--name> I<name>

Specifies the name for the CalDAV server or the resource.

=item B<--password> I<password>

Specifies a password when creating or updating a CalDAV server.

=item B<--realm> I<realm_name>

Specifies a realm when creating or updating a CalDAV server.

=item B<--update-caldav-server> I<caldav_server_name> [B<--url> I<new_URL>] [B<--name> I<new_server_name>] [B<--user> I<new_username> B<--password> I<new_password>] [B<--realm> I<new_realm_name>]

Update a CalDAV server with a new I<--url> / I<--name> / I<--user> / I<--password> / I<--realm>

=item B<--url> I<URL>

Specifies an URL for the CalDAV server when updating.

=item B<--user> I<username>

Specifies a username when creating or updating a CalDAV server.

=back

=head1 CONFIGURATION FILE

Meqaris uses an INI file to hold the primary configuration. The file's
default syntax is

	[meqaris]
	dbtype=postgresql
	datadir=/var/lib/meqaris
	log4perl_config_location=/var/lib/meqaris/meqaris-log4perl.cfg
	lock_dir=/var/lock

	[postgresql]
	username=meqaris
	password=meqaris-pass
	dbname=meqaris
	host=127.0.0.1
	port=5432
	connect_timeout=30

The I<dbtype> parameter in the B<[meqaris]> section holds the type of the
database and the name of the database settings' section.

The I<datadir> parameter in the B<[meqaris]> section tells where the Meqaris'
data files (SQL files) are.

The I<log4perl_config_location> parameter in the B<[meqaris]> section gives the
location of the configuration file for Log::Log4perl.

The I<lock_dir> parameter in the B<[meqaris]> section gives the
location of a directory suitable for lock files.

The I<username> parameter in the B<[postgresql]> section gives the database
username for the database.

The I<password> parameter in the B<[postgresql]> section gives the database
password for the provided username for the database.

The I<dbname> parameter in the B<[postgresql]> section gives the name of the
database to connect to.

The I<host> parameter in the B<[postgresql]> section gives the hostname or an
IP address of the database to connect to.

The I<port> parameter in the B<[postgresql]> section gives the port number of
the database to connect to.

The I<connect_timeout> parameter in the B<[postgresql]> section gives the
connection time-out value, in seconds.

=head1 VERSION

Version 2.1

=head1 LICENSE

GNU Affero General Public License version 3 or newer.

=head1 AUTHOR

Bogdan Drozdowski, bogdro (at) users . sourceforge . net

=head1 SEE ALSO

Meqaris homepage: I<https://meqaris.sourceforge.io/>

Meqaris manual: manual/en/index.html (in the package)

Meqaris wiki: I<https://sourceforge.net/p/meqaris/wiki/Home/>

=cut
